Priyanka Chopra was spotted in Mumbai
spending some quality time with the
special people in her life the girls
from the deep Shekar program started by
the UNICEF in 2007 couldn't contain
their excitement and finding the Popov
girl Priyanka Chopra amongst them Saki
Deshpande caught up with the stuff
there are very few people in the world
all around especially in the fraternity
Hulu who lose a fancy cruise ship to
come here and spend some quality time
with a very few people nicer dolls and
girls that you really care about
Priyanka how was this interaction with
them and what is this initiative all
about um this initiative is called deep
chicka
it is a initiative that unis have
started about seven years ago which
teaches girls skills and makes them
empowers them to be able to stand up for
themselves say that they don't want to
get married as child brides they don't
want to they want to go to school that
they as equal as you know their brothers
it speaks to families and communities to
teach them that you know do let girls
stand up on their own feet you're also
part of a very important film the biopic
of Mary cone which is probably gonna
make a difference in the cinematic space
or also in the society so as to say what
do you think about it how is it shaped
up this is a story of a girl who said
that I want to be more and I want to be
bigger and better than what anybody
tells me I should be so it's a story for
every girl out there who wants to feel
empowered so I'm nervous about it I'm
excited about it's a small film made
with a lot of love a lot of hard work
and I do hope that the message that we
are trying to say with the film comes
across when the film
there's another film which is talked
about so much which is little acne
though thanks to your pictures that you
guys have been putting up how is that
experience
it's when the shoots been great we're a
great crew of amazing bunch of actors
and technicians that have come together
and I have a feeling this is gonna be a
really spectacular fella
alright Priyanka thank you so much for
talking to us and best of luck thank you